Adds two-salt diafiltration unit model (#139)
prommis/prommis: src/prommis/nanofiltration/README.md

# Nanofiltration

## nf_brine.py

> This is an example flowsheet for the separation of lithium and magnesium ions using nanofiltration (NF). The unit model is the DSPM-DE and the property model is the MCAS, both of which can be found in WaterTAP. Currently, the inlet feed is modeling the Salar de Atacama brine. 

Reviewer: It may be helpful to define these acronyms.

> 3. Membrane Area (m2) versus Volume Recovery: The membrane area increases as the system capacity (volume recovery) increases.

Author: This doesn't seem to be working; I will revisit this in a subsequent PR.

4. Feed Pressure (bar) versus Volume Recovery: The optimal feed pressure increases as the system capacity increases and the membrane area reaches its upper bound.

## diafiltration_properties.py
This contains the property package for the sieving coefficient model used for separating lithium and cobalt ions via diafiltration.

## diafiltration.py
A fixed configuration nanofiltration membrane system with an additional, dilute inlet stream (the diafiltrate) is used to simulate a diafiltration cascade for recovering lithium and cobalt from spent lithium-ion battery leachate. The membrane model originates from Wamble et al. (https://pubs.acs.org/doi/full/10.1021/acssuschemeng.2c02862) and was initially implemented in Pyomo by Andrew Lee.

> A custom costing class is added to the flowsheet to minimize the annualized operating cost, subject to lithium and cobalt recovery bounds, the transport model, and mass balances. There are 3 DOF (the membrane length in each of the 3 stages).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A custom costing class is added to the flowsheet to minimize the annualized operating cost, subject to lithium and cobalt recovery bounds, the transport model, and mass balances. There are 3 degrees of freedom (the membrane length in each of the 3 stages).
```
I would opt to spell this out as to not confuse newer users

## diafiltration_two_salt.py

> Multi-component (two-salt, common anion) unit model for diafiltration. The membrane is designed for use in the diafiltration cascade, i.e., is a spiral-wound membrane module. See source code for detailed documentation.

Reviewer 2: Embed a hyperlink to the source code inside of "source code"?
